Add label-matcher support to Rules API (#10194)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/api.md

URL query parameters:
- `type=alert|record`: return only the alerting rules (e.g. `type=alert`) or the recording rules (e.g. `type=record`). When the parameter is absent or empty, no filtering is done.

> - `match[]=<label_selector>`: Repeated label selector argument that select rules which have labels that satisfy the selectors. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `match[]=<label_selector>`: Repeated label selector argument that selects rules which have configured labels that satisfy the selectors. Note that alerting rules it matches the top-level potentially templated labels, not the rendered labels of active alerts (instances). Optional.
```

Author: Updated docs with a slight change, we only match non-templated labels.

As the `/alerts` endpoint is fairly new, it does not have the same stability
guarantees as the overarching API v1.

> URL query parameters:

Reviewer: Let's start with one API first if we do this.

- `rule_name[]=<string>`: only return rules with the given rule name. If the parameter is repeated, rules with any of the provided names are returned. If we've filtered out all the rules of a group, the group is not returned. When the parameter is absent or empty, no filtering is done.
- `rule_group[]=<string>`: only return rules with the given rule group name. If the parameter is repeated, rules with any of the provided rule group names are returned. When the parameter is absent or empty, no filtering is done.
- `file[]=<string>`: only return rules with the given filepath. If the parameter is repeated, rules with any of the provided filepaths are returned. When the parameter is absent or empty, no filtering is done.

> - `match[]=<label_selector>`: only return rules that have configured labels that satisfy the label selectors. If the parameter is repeated, rules that match any of the provided set of label selectors are returned. Note that for alerting rules, it matches the top-level labels (including templated ones) and not the rendered labels of active alerts (instances). Optional.

Reviewer 2: I think this text is clearer:
```suggestion
- `match[]=<label_selector>`: only return rules that have configured labels that satisfy all the label selectors. If the parameter is repeated, rules that match any of the sets of label selectors are returned. Note that matching is on the labels in the definition of each rule, not on the values after template expansion (for alerting rules). Optional.
```

Reviewer 3: fixed

- `rule_name[]=<string>`: only return rules with the given rule name. If the parameter is repeated, rules with any of the provided names are returned. If we've filtered out all the rules of a group, the group is not returned. When the parameter is absent or empty, no filtering is done.
- `rule_group[]=<string>`: only return rules with the given rule group name. If the parameter is repeated, rules with any of the provided rule group names are returned. When the parameter is absent or empty, no filtering is done.
- `file[]=<string>`: only return rules with the given filepath. If the parameter is repeated, rules with any of the provided filepaths are returned. When the parameter is absent or empty, no filtering is done.

> - `match[]=<label_selector>`: Repeated label selector argument that selects rules which have configured labels that satisfy the selectors. Note that for alerting rules it matches the top-level non-templated labels, not the rendered labels of active alerts (instances). Optional.

Reviewer 3: should we adjust the doc as well?

Author: Done in https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/pull/10194/commits/711dbc1041c53e316679a3727dccabaef5474163. Updated and changed to make it consistent with rest of the params.

Reviewer 3: ty!
